Security guide writer's review (#37781)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-basic-authentication.adoc

:topics: security,authentication,basic-authentication,http
:extensions: io.quarkus:quarkus-vertx-http,io.quarkus:quarkus-elytron-security-jdbc,io.quarkus:quarkus-elytron-security-ldap,io.quarkus:quarkus-security-jpa-reactive

> HTTP Basic authentication is a low-resource method for enforcing access controls to web resources.

Reviewer: Michal, that sentence which as far as I recall you created awhile back is clearer, `low-resource` reads unusual, and may be confusing

Author: OK, will keep it as originally written :)

You can secure your Quarkus application endpoints by using HTTP Basic authentication.
Quarkus includes a built-in authentication mechanism for Basic authentication.

> Basic authentication operates through fields in the HTTP header and does not rely on HTTP cookies, session identifiers, or login pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basic authentication uses fields in the HTTP header and does not rely on HTTP cookies, session identifiers, or login pages.
```

`Uses` reads so much simpler, hope you agree :-). The simpler, the better IMHO
